README.md, before:

# How use Git and GitHub

Just make step-by-step from 
[this](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/a-beginners-guide-to-git-how-to-create-your-first-github-project-c3ff53f56861/)
tutorial.

## Notes

> **Name repo**: the name of the repository from GitHub will be the name of the folder with the project on the local machine.

**Example**: 

```
`[GITHUB NAME] / MyRepository` => `[PATH TO FOLDER]/MyRepository` 
```

---

> **Before use**: in the terminal always check the folder you are in. 

**Example**: 

don't do this
```
user@machine: [SOME PATH]/VSCODE/$ git add .
```
do this
```
user@machine: [SOME PATH]/VSCODE/MyRepository$ git add .
```
for added files from "MyRepository"

---

> **Path repo**: in the terminal before `git clone [HTTPS ADDRESS]` go to the folder where the folder from GitHub will be created.

**Example**: 

```
$ cd [PATH TO FOLDER]
$ git clone [HTTPS ADDRESS]
```

This make project folder `[PATH TO FOLDER]/MyRepository`.

---

> **First push**: the first time you use `git push` use the branch that is shown in `git status`.

**Example**: 

```
$ git status
```
On branch **main**

some text
```
$ git push origin main
```

## How use?

### If you don't create files
```
git commit -am "[MESSAGE]"
git push
```
### Else
```
git add .
git commit -m "MESSAGE"
git push
```

Commit message:

README.md | added info about packages

README.md, after:

# How use Git and GitHub

Just make step-by-step from 
[this](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/a-beginners-guide-to-git-how-to-create-your-first-github-project-c3ff53f56861/)
tutorial.

## Notes

> **Name repo**: the name of the repository from GitHub will be the name of the folder with the project on the local machine.

**Example**: 

```
`[GITHUB NAME] / MyRepository` => `[PATH TO FOLDER]/MyRepository` 
```

---

> **Before use**: in the terminal always check the folder you are in. 

**Example**: 

don't do this
```
user@machine: [SOME PATH]/VSCODE/$ git add .
```
do this
```
user@machine: [SOME PATH]/VSCODE/MyRepository$ git add .
```
for added files from "MyRepository"

---

> **Path repo**: in the terminal before `git clone [HTTPS ADDRESS]` go to the folder where the folder from GitHub will be created.

**Example**: 

```
$ cd [PATH TO FOLDER]
$ git clone [HTTPS ADDRESS]
```

This make project folder `[PATH TO FOLDER]/MyRepository`.

---

> **First push**: the first time you use `git push` use the branch that is shown in `git status`.

**Example**: 

```
$ git status
```
On branch **main**

some text
```
$ git push origin main
```

## How use?

### If you don't create files
```
git commit -am "[MESSAGE]"
git push
```
### Else
```
git add .
git commit -m "[MESSAGE]"
git push
```

# About packeges

> Note: use all command in the terminal

## Save all the packages you have
```
pip freeze > requirements.txt
```

## Install all packages that are in the requirements.txt file
```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## Remove all the packages you have
```
pip freeze | xargs pip uninstall -y
```

## Remove pip
```
pip uninstall pip
```

## install pip
Use 
[this](https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/installation/)
guide.
